# Space Invaders
### [Link to demo](https://youtu.be/tgmRgHnPv4Q)
This project is the biggest one I have ever created and has taught me a lot. I was able to learn a lot about using a canvas in wpf as this is what I will use when I create my pool NEA. Moreover it improved my object-oriented programming skills as keeping relavent functions in their respective classes made it a lot easier to work with and allowed me to re-use the functions when I made subclasses. I greatly improved my debugging skills as I quickly learned that for every new feature I added, 10  bugs would pop up. To be completely honest I am shocked at how fast I was able to track down and fix some of the bugs as at times it was instant. However, there were times that the bug was not obvious at all and led to me having to navigate through each function call making sure that I was keeping trach of the variable that was causing the issue. an example of this was when I was using CompositionTarget.Rendering to call my GameLoop function. The game would work perfectly fine but if I used the main menu button, a second instance of CompositionTarget would be created. This led to me having to come up with simple yet functional fixes such as keeping a boolean value updated to check if CompositionTarget.Rendering was running. Although very simple, at times problems like this kept me hung up for hours but finding the solution was satifying.
I enjoyed the ccreative process of creating the game as I was in charge with everything from functionality to sprites and creating a project that I am proud of is a liberating feeling. This project has boosted my motivation for coding and my enthusiasm towards building a new project.
My next big project will be my NEA pool project and I look forward to being able to utilising any skills I made with this project in the pool project
- Zack
